I don't know of Logan's career, but
[laughter]
>> can we see that? Can we see Logan's
>> career? Yeah, of course.
>> Yeah. So, this is
>> illustrious. Boring. [laughter]
>> No, like the model should be showing how
it's thinking about like, oh, this is
what I need to do, you know, like this
information that I want to
>> Yeah. So, this prompt is just generate
an image of, you know, detailed pixel
art that shows the career of Logan
Kilpatrick. Um, and so the model breaks
it down here, plans the visual elements,
explores career trajectory, uh, and down
here we can see all the sources that it
explored uh, for Logan's career
trajectory.
>> Where is it? Where is it visiting? I'm
curious. My personal website included.
>> Yeah, this is an SEO exercise.
[laughter]
>> India, not my personal website. Wow,
lame.
>> You got to boost the SEO.
>> Got to boost [laughter] the SEO website.
>> But it's very cool. We can see it. I
have a I have a hidden AI system message
in there just in case people are are
crawling my site. So,
>> you want to see if it's snuck through?